all right I made a burn toast eco video
like two weeks ago and I got a lot of
responses off of it mostly from people
up in Boston and New England Patriot fan
so I'm going to apologize to you you
know and I wrote a little song to
apologize to you all for it so here it
goes drop the beach of yo there's a
story about a man named brady who was
licking on Bill Belichick nuts he's a
homo like his boy Oh Cho and they all do
each other in the butt Hut all right so
you know I got a lot of responses
talking about yo chatting get traded or
he got traded that's why he left blah
blah blah blee blee blee think I'm gonna
apologize to you faggot motherfuckers
fuck no fuck you fuck the Patriots are a
bunch of fact we're motherfuckers the
reason chat left Chad's been wanting to
leave for like three years he's a
traitor he's a sellout he's a punk Oh
Joe Cinco you guys gonna call me white
trash well I changed my last name to uno
cuz I'm number one so that means I'm
Mexican now how can I be white trash oh
hell no look at this shit Bella check
you want to spy on other teams and
you're gonna come down to Ohio and spy
on me that's some bullshit dude you're
gonna spy on me look at that Patriot
Act's fucking spying on me alright so I
got a little treat for you guys today
you know I burnt that Jersey a couple
weeks ago and you guys didn't like that
too much so today I got a patriot at and
another ojo cinco jersey to burn so
watch people this is how much love I got
for you faggot ass Patriot fans faggot
ass motherfuckers is what you are watch
my point is you guys say no Chad got
traded check out trader you're not a
real fan because you burn in Jersey no
you're not real fans because you won't
burn his jersey you know I'll call for
boycott everybody take your o2 Cinco
stuff Chad Johnson whatnot whatever
catching on fire send it up to New
England get the fuck rid of it because
he's a traitor he's been one now
Cincinnati for like three years he want
to go the Dolphins who want to go here
he want to go there blah blah blah blah
he's fake you know he said he's gonna
change his last name back to Johnson if
revis shutting down well you know what
Reba shutting down in two games in a one
of the games during the playoffs he had
a limp off the field all I'm hurt
portunities hurt just so he didn't have
to play because he got shut down in
you're a liar you didn't change your
name back to read uh back to Johnson and
then you go to go up in a New England
you're like hernan gets give me your
number i'm not going to play for your
team you're a sellout bitch Chad you're
a homo you're a faggot all the Patriots
are faggots so here's this Patriot hat
over here i'm about to catch up mother
fucker on fire tell you guys like that
this is motherfucking who dey nation I
don't give a fuck what you say fuck all
y'all yeah you guys might go a 16 and 0
but you lose the Super Bowl so I'll good
is that but the Patriots I am a Bengals
fan I've always been a Bengals fan here
tonight is New England's first preseason
game and Chad I hope you get your
fucking knee blown out and you don't
play the rest of season go live with a
Patriots fan buck buck the dad do
whatever you got to do suck them Bella
checks dick lick on Brady's nuts cuz
you're a faggot suliman say on my in
this video by saying fuck you and have a
nice day